README.md, before:

# vue

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=johnsoncodehk.volar) (and disable Vetur).

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

Since TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports, they are shimmed to be a generic Vue component type by default. In most cases this is fine if you don't really care about component prop types outside of templates.

However, if you wish to get actual prop types in `.vue` imports (for example to get props validation when using manual `h(...)` calls), you can run `Volar: Switch TS Plugin on/off` from VSCode command palette.

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

Commit message:

config dockerfile and nvm-yarn enviroment. Documentation

README.md, after:

# vue

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=johnsoncodehk.volar) (and disable Vetur).

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

Since TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports, they are shimmed to be a generic Vue component type by default. In most cases this is fine if you don't really care about component prop types outside of templates.

However, if you wish to get actual prop types in `.vue` imports (for example to get props validation when using manual `h(...)` calls), you can run `Volar: Switch TS Plugin on/off` from VSCode command palette.

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

## Project Setup and Compile and Hot-Reload for Development with Nvm and Yarn

```sh
nvm install v18.12.1
nvm use
yarn
yarn dev
```

## Project Setup and Compile and Hot-Reload for Development with docker

```sh
docker build -t materio
docker volume create materio-node-modules-volume
docker run --name materio-container -it -p 5173:5173 -v $(pwd):/usr/src/app -v materio-volume-node-modules:/usr/src/app/node_modules materio
```
